Added ALLOW_NEGATIVE_REBASE_REPORTING env variable (#279)
lidofinance/lido-oracle: README.md

## Env variables

| Name                              | Description                                                  | Required | Example value             |
|-----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------------------|
| `EXECUTION_CLIENT_URI`            | URI of the Execution Layer client                            | True     | `http://localhost:8545`   |
| `CONSENSUS_CLIENT_URI`            | URI of the Consensus Layer client                            | True     | `http://localhost:5052`   |
| `KEYS_API_URI`                    | URI of the Keys API                                          | True     | `http://localhost:8080`   |
| `LIDO_LOCATOR_ADDRESS`            | Address of the Lido contract                                 | True     | `0x1...`                  |

> | `ALLOW_NEGATIVE_REBASE_REPORTING` | If 0, a report with negative cl rebase would not be reported | False    | `true`, `false` (default) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ALLOW_NEGATIVE_REBASE_REPORTING` | If 'False', a report with negative cl rebase would not be reported | False    | `True` |
```
